update a few more Python references to Python 3.10 (#4637)
rapidsai/cugraph: docs/cugraph/source/tutorials/cugraph_notebooks.md

  * Download via Docker, Conda (See [__Getting Started__](https://rapids.ai/start.html))

* cuGraph is dependent on the latest version of cuDF.  Please install all components of RAPIDS
* Python 3.10+

> * A system with an NVIDIA GPU:  Pascal architecture or better

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A system with an NVIDIA GPU: Volta architecture or newer
```

* CUDA 11.4+

> * NVIDIA driver 450.51+

Reviewer: We've been trying to purge specific driver references from our docs.
```suggestion
```

Author: sure! Will keep that in mind in the future.

I pushed https://github.com/rapidsai/cugraph/pull/4637/commits/02b2bbb3ab2d7c882aaaa2195e282d7c1d60e926 updating that wholegraph reference, found one other one with `git grep -i driver` too.
